Add new rule: `no-redundant-landmark-role` (#1321)
ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint: docs/rule/no-redundant-landmark-role.md

# no-redundant-landmark-role

If a landmark element is used, any role provided will either be redundant or incorrect.
Add support for landmark elements to ensure that no role attribute is placed on any of
the landmark elements, with a few exceptions.

## Examples

This rule **forbids** the following:

```hbs
<header role="banner"></header>
```

```hbs
<main role="main"></main>
```

```hbs
<aside role="complementary"></aside>
```

```hbs
<nav role="navigation"></nav>
```

This rule **allows** the following:

```hbs
<form role="search"></form>
```

```hbs
<footer role="contentinfo"></footer>

> ```

Reviewer: Please add the reference material here. 

- Landmark Roles (WAI-ARIA spec): https://www.w3.org/WAI/PF/aria/roles#landmark_roles
- Using ARIA landmarks to identify regions of a page- https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/aria/ARIA11

Author: done

# no-redundant-landmark-role

If a landmark element is used, any role provided will either be redundant or incorrect.
Add support for landmark elements to ensure that no role attribute is placed on any of
the landmark elements, with a few exceptions.

## Examples

This rule **forbids** the following:

```hbs
<header role="banner"></header>
```

```hbs
<main role="main"></main>
```

```hbs
<aside role="complementary"></aside>
```

```hbs
<nav role="navigation"></nav>
```

```hbs
<form role="form"></form>
```

This rule **allows** the following:

```hbs
<form role="search"></form>
```

```hbs
<footer role="contentinfo"></footer>
```

> ## References

Reviewer 2: Can you add https://www.w3.org/TR/html-aria/#docconformance also?

# no-redundant-landmark-role

If a landmark element is used, any role provided will either be redundant or incorrect.

> Add support for landmark elements to ensure that no role attribute is placed on any of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule adds support for landmark elements, to ensure that no role attribute is placed on any of
```

Author: Done
